---
layout: post
title:  "TIL #3"
categories: TIL
---

## TIL #3

# Things I learned today:
- Sometimes I can be really unproductive. When I don't understand how a particular piece of technology works (today it was sinon.js), then I could stare at code for an hour and still be no better off than when I first started. It's a really frustrating feeling to have no intuition whatsoever for how to get something to work, and even when I do happen to have stumbled upon something that's working, sometimes I still don't know why it works and thus cannot reproduce it. I guess this would be called technical debt, and hopefully I will close a bit of the gap soon.
- I learned some very important things at work today. First, `git rebase` can really mess up your commits if you have a branch that's based off of another branch and you `git rebase` the latter branch. That might be confusing, so let me attempt to illustrate. Say you have branch A --> (forked from) branch B --> master. Say now you make some commits to A and you make some commits to B. Having branch A rebase onto B is fine, but having branch B rebase on master actually messes up the commits for branch A. Why? Because when you do a `git rebase`, the commit IDs are actually rewritten, so branch A is now confused about which commits are from branch B and which are from master. Oh and another thing... use anything with `git push --force` with caution... if someone else has work done off of the branch you're pushing to, you've effectively screwed them over by force pushing onto the remote counterpart.
- In other `git` related learnings, I also learned (again) the importance of making sure a destination branch passes tests before pushing more and more commits onto it. We might be thinking "I'll fix the issue later, I know exactly what's wrong", but this can be a serious err in judgement because after a bunch of commits, perhaps additional errors were introduced into your code sprinkled across several commits and that makes it really difficult to know exactly what went wrong. I watched my coworker play a guessing game to try and run the tests on earlier and earlier commits, and different sections of the code, until he figured out exactly where an error was coming from. Mad debugging skills!
- According to a coworker, DefCon is 40% 'white hats', 20% 'grey hats', and the rest 'black hats'. 'White hats' are 'ethical hackers', aka people who perform hacking actions in order to figure out vulnerabilities and improve security for their company or the government (good purposes). 'Black hats' are in the opposite end, where they have malicious intent and figure out how to exploit one's vulnerabilities. 'Grey hats' lie somewhere in the middle. My start class at Stripe has a security guy who used to work for the military and also won DefCon CTFs. He seems like he has a lot of knowledge and I'm really excited to see if I can learn some stuff about computer/network security from him.
- I had lunch with a new Stripe today who started very recently. She told me that there's been a Culture Amp survey done at Stripe and that the results may come out soon. She said that her experience from her previous job and other culture surveys she's analysed that the "happiest people are the youngest and the newest", because everything is fresh to us, but the "happiest people over the long term are the older folk". The going theory is that older folk are a bit more jaded than the fresh college grads and thus see more of the bad and are less enthusiastic. On the other hand, older employees by age have seen so many more "shitty" places to work so when they've come across a great company, they know how good it is and how lucky they are. New employees, although super enthusiastic in the start, will begin to see all the problems with the company, and since they don't have anything worse to compare it to, the negative aspects start to becone more and more glaring. I certainly hope this won't happen with me.

# Q's:
- What were the 80's like? What was happening during that period? Clearly I need a refresher on American politics (will need to re-read the We the People textbook from 12th grade!) My friend says that the movies during that period were all about the geeks and the jocks, and there was always at least one make-up scene.

# Movie: The Breakfast Club
I am really surprised by how emotionally intense the movie turned out to be. It was my first time watching The Breakfast Club though I've had the movie recommended to me several times by friends. For some reason, I always thought it was a drama wherein we follow a group of high schoolers throughout their lives as they meet on regular intervals at a local diner to have breakfast and talk about their issues. On the contrary, this movie took place in the course of just one day with a setting of a local high school. Five high school students get stuck with each other for an 8-hour detention on a Saturday.

To be continued tomorrow