---
layout: post
title:  "TIL #5"
categories: TIL
---

## TIL #5

# Thing I learned today:
- SF beaches are very windy and the sand is very fine, so this actually makes for quite a bad combination when the sand whips into your face. The wind really picks up along the coastline too so it's especially difficult to have a bonfire on the beach. I was invited to a morning bonfire with some new friends (mostly Googlers and one New Yorker) at Ocean Beach which is the west side of the SF peninsula. It was a really enjoyable experience even though the food had sand in it, the cutting board melted, I dropped a whole egg toast sandwich, and it was a tad bit too windy and cold. It's important to work with what you've got and "be scrappy" in order to adapt to the situation. This is a really good quality that shines when things are less than ideal.
- Devil's Tooth is a cute little bakery near Golden Gate Park with beignet (*donut* in French) for $1 on Sunday's. The sandwiches were so-so but the beignet was just the right size, lavishly powdered with sugar, and very delicious.
- Land's End used to have a gigantic Cliffs House and Sutro Baths before the Sutro Baths burned down and the Cliffs House downsized to a flat one-story building (though I'm not sure what disaster befell the Cliffs House. Probably not fire?) The ruins of Sutro Baths are still there and small water ponds have filled in the concrete founation.

# Q's:
- What are some effective volunteer organisations in SF? And which of those could I best contribute to?
- What are the social services in the Tenderloin? What are their capacities and how large is the homeless population in SF?
- We saw a tote bag with a painting of the Sutro Baths on it. I wonder if bathhouses in California then would have had people go naked to bathhouses, and if they do, why the tote bag has the attendees wearing all the same black swimsuit.