---
layout: post
title:  "TIL #2"
categories: TIL
---

## TIL

# Things I learned today:
- Dr. Tae Yun Kim is a really interesting individual. She's the CEO of Lighthouse Worldwide Solutions, a tech company based in Fremont that specialises in making room sanitisation and particle detection systems. She has this motto: "He can do! She can do! Why not me!" It's both inspiring and really odd at the same time, especially since she wears these 5 inch sparkly heels with semi-heavy makeup and has the energy equivalent to a bright-eyed child. Oh, and she's 71! She's written books on spirituality, has CD recordings of her playing the flute, was the first Korean female Tae Kwon Do Grandmaster, and has a posse of men in suits and a photographer following her around everywhere. I'm confused about her and her following.
- Sometimes ideas that seemed really great to you at a time can change to become something less worthwhile, and that's okay. Today I went to a conference today which turned out to be a lot emptier and less fun than I thought. I had asked my manager to take off a day today to go, and halfway through I realised it wasn't really the best use of my time anymore (esp since my team was continuing to work without me!) Sometimes it's important to be dynamic and flexible and adjust if things don't turn out to be the way you expected them to. Of course, I'll always give it a chance, but at some point you have to re-prioritise.
- "Everyone feels like they're going to get fired in the first few months". This is what a co-worker of mine told me today while we shared a car ride. I was despairing that I felt like I didn't know anything as a new grad, and that I felt everyone around me both already knew and was learning at a much faster rate than myself. I talked with another friend about this, and he reminded me that it's important to figure out what you're good/bad at, because that will be different for everyone. Maybe someone else is really good at ramping up quickly, and maybe you're really good at slowly and steadily building up knowledge of the system. The point is that each of our capacity to learn does not take the same shape. I think this is really crucial for new grad engineers to take in because we're in this spot where **everyone else** at the company seems infinitely more knowledgeable than us and the problems we face are suddenly not perfectly boxed into a standard right and wrong format. We struggle with an internal conflict every time we don't know how to do something - do we continue to google every possible query to try and find the answer ourselves or do we bother our mentors and take away their time? It can be helpful to remember that the company hired new grads for a type of long term investment; they are willing to give us some training and time in order for us to contribute. I find myself occasionally worrying if they've made a mistake and maybe I'll turn out to be a bad investment, but the consolation I have is that worrying about it only makes me less happy and therefore less productive...and that would turn out to be self-fulfilling prophecy. Better to smile, work hard, and let time tell me if I'm a good investment or not.
- It's possible to write tests for individual React components. Also you can pass functions as props into a React component's child components.
- `shift`+`option`+`F` is auto tab format in VS Code. Useful keybindings to know: https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/getstarted/keybindings

# Q's:
- How can I get better at paper reading? Sometimes (most of the time) I feel like I don't understand half the words in these academic papers. It is very likely that my base knowledge is nowhere near enough.
- Why do I lose my keys every time I want to leave the house? Is it because it's really small and I only use it twice - once when I enter the house and once when I exit.
